Make IP address optional when reporting transactions (#175)
maxmind/minfraud-api-php: README.md

The possible exceptions are:

* `InvalidInputException` - This will be thrown when the `->report()` method is

>   called with invalid input data or when the required fields are missing. The
>   required fields are `tag` and one or more of the following: `ip_address`,
>   `maxmind_id`, `minfraud_id`, or `transaction_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  called with invalid input data or when the required arguments are null. The
  required arguments are `tag` and one or more of the following: `ipAddress`,
  `maxmindId`, `minfraudId`, or `transactionId`.
```

This one is my fault. I should have updated this when I switched to named arguments as the preferred method.
